Issues around canonical ordering (#285)
mapping-commons/sssom: src/docs/spec.md

## SSSOM Metadata Elements

> The SSSOM specification defines a set of SSSOM metadata elements that are used to describe mappings. Apart from the elements themselves, some example usage and a description, **_[the SSSOM spec](https://mapping-commons.github.io/sssom/Mapping/) defines the canonical order for the metadata_** in which the elements SHOULD appear when serialised. This precludes spurious diffs in a git setting, which is an important concern for the continuous reviewing of mappings by curators and users. 

Reviewer: I would actually move that entire paragraph. It only concerns serialisation, so it should be in the section that describe how SSSOM mapping sets are serialized.

Author: Agreed and done.

### TSV:

All SSSOM metadata elements labelled with L in the metadata table are permissible as column names in the TSV. List elements (such as creator) are "|"-separated. The columns SHOULD be sorted according to the order as they appear in the [SSSOM metadata](https://mapping-commons.github.io/sssom/Mapping/). For example, the first columns of a mapping set TSV should always be, in that order: subject_id, predicate_id, object_id, mapping_justification, if labels are not included; if they are included, the order should be: subject_id, subject_label, predicate_id, predicate_label, object_id, object_label, mapping_justification. For easier review of diffs, for example git diff or unix diff, we recommend to serialise the TSV by a fixed row order, sorted column by column from left to right.

Metadata about a set of mappings can be supplied as part of the mappings (embedded mode) and as a simple yaml file alongside the primary mapping file. The YAML metadata block MUST contain a curie map that allows the unambiguous interpretation of CURIES. A curie map is supplied after a `curie_map:` parameter in the yaml file. The value is a dictionary of CURIE->URLPREFIX pairs.

> Note that the following prefixes are built-in and (1) MUST NOT be changed from their bioregistry conformant default interpretation and (2) MAY be omitted from the curie map: "`sssom`", "`owl`", "`rdf`", "`rdfs`", "`skos`", "`semapv`".

Reviewer: It would be better to provide directly a table with the URL corresponding to those prefixes, rather than delegating to the bioregistry. At the very least, if we do delegate to the bioregistry we should provide a reference and/or a link (don’t assume implementers will necessarily know that ”bioregistry” refers to).

Author: ```suggestion
Note that the following prefixes are built-in and (1) MUST NOT be changed from their [SSSOM default interpretation](https://github.com/mapping-commons/sssom/blob/master/project/jsonld/sssom_schema.context.jsonld) and (2) MAY be omitted from the curie map: "`sssom`", "`owl`", "`rdf`", "`rdfs`", "`skos`", "`semapv`".
```

Author: And it was also wrong!
